c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\AzureTest.exe.config
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\AzureTest.exe
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\AzureTest.pdb
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\Azure.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\System.Spatial.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\Azure.pdb
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\System.Spatial.xml
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Release\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\obj\Release\AzureTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\obj\Release\App.g.cs
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\obj\Release\AzureTest_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\obj\Release\AzureTest.g.resources
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\obj\Release\AzureTest.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\obj\Release\AzureTest.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\obj\Release\AzureTest.exe
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\obj\Release\AzureTest.pdb
