c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\AzureTest.exe.config
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\AzureTest.exe
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\AzureTest.pdb
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\Azure.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\Azure.pdb
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\Azure.xml
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\obj\Debug\AzureTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\obj\Debug\AzureTest_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\obj\Debug\AzureTest.g.resources
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\obj\Debug\AzureTest.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\obj\Debug\AzureTest.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\obj\Debug\AzureTest.exe
c:\Users\michelce\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Azure\AzureTest\obj\Debug\AzureTest.pdb
